The Navy for me has just been one big university Greek life style, it's
just a whole bunch of you know young kids getting together, drinking
on the weekends, kind of partying on Sundays. Coming in you know
like ready to work on Monday through Thursday but you know the weekend
is theirs and even after the hour is done you know, even after the
working time is done, they're still there's lots of video games going
on, there's lots of card playing that that goes on you know during
the work day. There looking at each other and making jokes you know
doing you know a lot of like childish things all the time. So they
keep it fun sometimes and just like with all young kids you know,
like there's lots of arguments, lots of, they make enemies just like
any other. It's basically high school all over again in some cases
with more discipline for the things that require the discipline.